{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Google Ads API Tool Design Document - Pureleven\b0\par
\par
\b Company\b0 : Pureleven\par
\b Website\b0 : https://pureleven.com/\par
\b Primary Use\b0 : First-party conversion measurement and optimization for our own Google Ads accounts.\par
\par
\b 1. Purpose and Scope\b0\par
This tool uploads purchase conversions from Pureleven's CRM to Google Ads for offline/enhanced conversion tracking.\par
It is used only for Pureleven ad performance measurement and optimization.\par
\par
\b 2. Users and Access\b0\par
- Access is restricted to internal team members and authorized contractors.\par
- No public access to the tool.\par
- Authentication is required at admin and infrastructure layers.\par
\par
\b 3. Data Sources\b0\par
- Shopify order data (order id, value, timestamp, currency).\par
- First-party attribution signals (gclid, utm parameters, session id).\par
- Customer first-party identifiers (email/phone) when available and policy-allowed.\par
\par
\b 4. Data Processing and Privacy\b0\par
- Data used for conversion upload is first-party data collected from Pureleven properties.\par
- Email and phone are normalized/hashed in the upload module when enhanced conversions are used.\par
- Data is processed over HTTPS and stored in controlled backend systems.\par
- No resale of user data. No third-party data brokerage.\par
\par
\b 5. Google Ads API Integration\b0\par
- API: Google Ads API (uploadClickConversions).\par
- OAuth 2.0 refresh-token flow for server-to-server auth.\par
- Developer token and customer configuration loaded from secure environment variables.\par
- Uploads include orderId for deduplication control.\par
\par
\b 6. Reliability and Monitoring\b0\par
- Conversion status persisted in CRM order records (pending/sent/failed).\par
- Retry endpoint for failed/pending conversion attempts with capped retries.\par
- Health endpoint verifies configuration and Google Ads account access.\par
- Application logs capture upload outcomes and API errors for operational review.\par
\par
\b 7. Security Controls\b0\par
- Secrets are stored in server environment configuration, not hardcoded.\par
- Production endpoints protected by admin secret and service-level controls.\par
- Principle of least privilege applied to account access.\par
\par
\b 8. Compliance Statement\b0\par
Pureleven uses the Google Ads API only for legitimate conversion attribution and campaign optimization for its own business accounts, in line with Google Ads API policies.\par
}
